[ci-visibility] Create deployment correlate subcommand (#1245)
DataDog/datadog-ci: src/commands/deployment/README.md

# Deployment command

> Contains some tools related to CD visibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contains helper commands related to CD Visibility.
```

We can have CD Visibility pointing to https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_delivery/.

> Contains some tools related to CD visibility.

Reviewer 2: I think this is clearer
```suggestion
Track your Continuous Deployment workflows.
```

triggered a deployment, and which deployments were triggered by a pipeline.

**Important**: This command does not work for every setup. Refer to [when to call the command](#When-to-call-the-command) for more details.

#### When to call the command

In order for the command to work properly, you first need to commit changes to the configuration repository (where the Kubernetes manifests are) from
the CI before calling the command:

1. Make the changes to the configuration (for example, updating a image tag).
2. Run `git commit -m "updating my kubernetes configuration"`.
3. Run `datadog-ci deployment correlate --provider <cd_provider>` (you can refer to the command syntax below).
4. Run `git push`.

If you are using [argo cd image updater][3], this command does not work since it relies on making the changes using `git commit`. 

Again, these steps need to happen in your CI since the end goal of this command is to correlate the pipeline doing the configuration changes
with the associated deployments.

For example:
```bash
datadog-ci deployment correlate --provider argocd

> ```

Author: There will be examples in the docs, I would prefer to not add too much stuff in the Readme for now tho

- `--provider` (**required**): the CD provider name. Currently, the only supported CD provider is `argocd`.

> - `--config-repo`: configuration repository URL where the kubernetes manifests are stored. If empty, the command tries to get it using a Git command.

Reviewer: "the command tries to get it using a Git command" seems very general to me. Either we say which command it is, or we change it like "the command tries to extract the repository from the local git files" (or similar)

- `--tags` is an array of key value pairs in the format `key:value`. These tags are added to the deployment event shown in Datadog.
- `--no-fail` (default: `false`) will prevent the deployment command from failing if there are issues submitting the data.

### `correlate`
**Note**: If you are using `datadog-ci deployment mark` then you do not need to use this command and the correlation will happen automatically.

> The `correlate` command "connects" a GitOps deployment with the CI pipeline of the application repositoryL you'll be able to check what pipeline triggered a deployment and what deployments were triggered by a pipeline.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `correlate` command "connects" a GitOps deployment with the CI pipeline of the application repository. You'll be able to check what pipeline triggered a deployment and what deployments were triggered by a pipeline.
```

- `--tags` is an array of key value pairs in the format `key:value`. These tags are added to the deployment event shown in Datadog.
- `--no-fail` (default: `false`) will prevent the deployment command from failing if there are issues submitting the data.

### `correlate`

> The `correlate` command "connects" the CD deployments with a CI pipeline. If you are using `datadog-ci deployment mark` then you do not need to use 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `correlate` command "connects" a GitOps deployment with the CI pipeline of the application repository. If you are using `datadog-ci deployment mark` then you do not need to use 
```

this command and the correlation will happen automatically. This command does not work for every setup, check the section 
[when to call the command][#When-to-call-the-command] for more details.

This command will allow Datadog to correlate the associated deployments to a pipeline from the UI. It also works the other way around, 

> so that given a deployment you can check the pipeline that triggered it.

Reviewer 2: I think this is clearer
```suggestion
**Note**: If you are using `datadog-ci deployment mark` then you do not need to use this command and the correlation will happen automatically.

The `correlate` command connects CD deployments with the corresponding CI pipelines: you'll be able to check what pipeline triggered a deployment and what deployments were triggered by a pipeline. 

**Important**: This command does not work for every setup, check the section [when to call the command][#When-to-call-the-command] for more details.
```
this makes me wonder: if `mark` does the job already, why do we need the extra `correlate`? It's not clear from these instructions

#### When to call the command

> For the command to work properly, you need to be making changes to the configuration repository (where the kubernetes manifests are) from
> the CI using git. More specifically the  command needs to be called **after committing the changes and before pushing them**:

Reviewer 2: I think this is clearer, but I might be missing something (the instructions are not very clear to me)
```suggestion
You need to run some git commands in the configuration repository (where the kubernetes manifests are) before the command is called. More specifically the command needs to be called **after committing the changes and before pushing them**:
```

1. Make the changes to the configuration (for example: updating a image tag)
2. `git commit -m "updating my kubernetes configuration"`

> 3. `datadog-ci deployment correlate` (you can check below the command syntax)

Reviewer 2: I'd at least add `--provider` if it's mandatory. You can say "see below for more options"

4. `git push`

> Unfortunately if you are using [argo cd image updater][3] this command will not work since it relies on making the changes using `git commit`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using [argo cd image updater][3] this command will not work since it relies on making the changes using `git commit`. 
```
